Add docs for new gRPC call credentials features (#25734)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/grpc/authn-and-authz.md

}
```

Configuring `ChannelCredentials` on a channel is an alternative way to send the token to the service with gRPC calls. A `ChannelCredentials` can include `CallCredentials`, which provide a way to automatically set `Metadata`. `CallCredentials` is run each time a gRPC call is made, which avoids the need to write code in multiple places to pass the token yourself.

> [!NOTE]

> > `CallCredentials` are only applied if the channel is secured with TLS. Sending authentication headers over an insecure connection has security implications and shouldn't be done in production environments. An app can configure a channel to ignore this behavior, and always use `CallCredentials`, by setting `UnsafeUseInsecureChannelCallCredentials` on a channel.

Reviewer: Did you mean to make the 'and always' piece non-essential (parenthetical). It kind'a reads like it would state that 'ignoring the behavior' **and** 'always use ...' are objects of the preposition 'to' ...

```suggestion
> `CallCredentials` are only applied if the channel is secured with TLS. Sending authentication headers over an insecure connection has security implications and shouldn't be done in production environments. An app can configure a channel to ignore this behavior and always use `CallCredentials` by setting `UnsafeUseInsecureChannelCallCredentials` on a channel.
```

#### Bearer token with gRPC client factory

> gRPC client factory can create clients that send a bearer token using `AddCallCredentials`. The delegate passed to `AddCallCredentials` is executed for each gRPC call.

Reviewer: A colon is typical, but not critical, in these cases where the sentence points directly at a code example ...

```suggestion
gRPC client factory can create clients that send a bearer token using `AddCallCredentials`. The delegate passed to `AddCallCredentials` is executed for each gRPC call:
```

... another option is to make it say ...

> ... is executed for each gRPC call, as the following example demonstrates:

> gRPC client factory can create clients that send a bearer token using `AddCallCredentials`. The delegate passed to `AddCallCredentials` is executed for each gRPC call:

Author: ```suggestion
gRPC client factory can create clients that send a bearer token using `AddCallCredentials`. This method is available in [Grpc.Net.ClientFactory](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Grpc.Net.ClientFactory) version 2.46.0 or later.

The delegate passed to `AddCallCredentials` is executed for each gRPC call:
```

```csharp
builder.Services
    .AddGrpcClient<Greeter.GreeterClient>(o =>
    {
        o.Address = new Uri("https://localhost:5001");
    })
    .AddCallCredentials((context, metadata) =>
    {
        if (!string.IsNullOrEmpty(_token))
        {

>             metadata.Add("Authorization", $"Bearer {_token}");

Reviewer: It's *waaaay* not related to the updates here, but it's on my mind from some Blazor work that I was performing this morning ...

The underscores for fields, if that's what the `_token` is here, were supposed to go away over time. **_I only mention this in passing._** I placed the cross-links to the discussion and prior work in this area on the .NET 7 issue for cleaning up web templates ...

https://github.com/dotnet/aspnetcore/issues/30162#issuecomment-1108396631

        }
        return Task.CompletedTask;
    });
```

> Dependency injection (DI) can be combined with `AddCallCredentials`. An overload passes `IServiceProvider` to the delegate which can be used to get a service [constructed from DI using scoped and transient services](/dotnet/core/extensions/dependency-injection#service-lifetimes).

Reviewer: If there's only one delegate that can be used to get a service as far as a single app is concerned (an essential clause follows), this is probably better with a 'that' over a 'which' ...

```suggestion
Dependency injection (DI) can be combined with `AddCallCredentials`. An overload passes `IServiceProvider` to the delegate that can be used to get a service [constructed from DI using scoped and transient services](/dotnet/core/extensions/dependency-injection#service-lifetimes).
```

If you want to stick with 'which', add a comma before it, as 'which' is the non-essential choice.

* gRPC client factory is configured to create clients that are injected into gRPC services and Web API controllers.
* gRPC calls should use `ITokenProvider` to get a bearer token.

```csharp
public interface ITokenProvider
{
    Task<string> GetTokenAsync();
}

public class AppTokenProvider : ITokenProvider
{
    private string _token;

    public async Task<string> GetTokenAsync()
    {
        if (_token == null)
        {
            // App code to resolve the token here.
        }

        return _token;
    }
}
```

```csharp
builder.Services.AddScoped<ITokenProvider, AppTokenProvider>();

builder.Services
    .AddGrpcClient<Greeter.GreeterClient>(o =>
    {
        o.Address = new Uri("https://localhost:5001");
    })
    .AddCallCredentials(async (context, metadata, serviceProvider) =>
    {
        var provider = serviceProvider.GetRequiredService<ITokenProvider>();
        var token = await provider.GetTokenAsync();
        metadata.Add("Authorization", $"Bearer {token}");
    }));
```

The preceding code:

* Defines `ITokenProvider` and `AppTokenProvider`. These types handle resolving the authentication token for gRPC calls.

> * Registers the `AppTokenProvider` type with DI in a scoped lifetime. `AppTokenProvider` caches the token so only the first call in the scope will need to calculate it.

Reviewer: Avoiding personification leans to the use of 'require' over 'need.' If 'so that' isn't used, there's an independent clause, so I'll suggest a 'so that' here ...

```suggestion
* Registers the `AppTokenProvider` type with DI in a scoped lifetime. `AppTokenProvider` caches the token so that only the first call in the scope is required to calculate it.
```

#### Bearer token with gRPC client factory

> gRPC client factory can create clients that send a bearer token using `AddCallCredentials`. The delegate passed to `AddCallCredentials` is executed for each gRPC call:

Author: ```suggestion
gRPC client factory can create clients that send a bearer token using `AddCallCredentials`. This method is available in [Grpc.Net.ClientFactory](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Grpc.Net.ClientFactory) version 2.46.0 or later.

The delegate passed to `AddCallCredentials` is executed for each gRPC call:
```
